Bopup Communication Server version 4.1.7.11053
Corporate instant messaging server for secure business communications
========================================================================


Overview
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bopup Communication Server is a secure messaging suite designed to 
provide efficient and private communication over networks of any size. 
The server meets most of the critical business needs, such as 
centralized management, the Active Directory (LDAP) support, message and 
file transfer logging. It can be easily deployed over the business 
infrastructure to unite the entire company's offices and other locations 
into one internal IM workspace with control over messaging groups, user 
permissions to view others and send messages and documents, a message 
and transfer archive with printing support. 

Since the server stores and delivers offline messages and files, users 
never lose information they are supposed to receive. Messaging is 
encrypted with strong algorithms so personal and group conversations are 
safe and secure even if data is sent via the Internet. Users can send 
messages with formatted text, links and graphic emoticons (smileys), 
organize their personal Contact Lists, access their contacts from any 
workplace and see who is online and available for communication. 
The client software can be configured on the server to run in the 
Confirmation Mode, which means that the client pops up every time a new 
message is received and keeps the window on top until the user confirms 
the message. 

To crown it all, Bopup Communication Server is fast to deploy and easy 
to use. It has a great and flexible user interface and comes with a 
built-in messaging system for scheduled and planned user notifications 
including the File Distribution system that offers a managed 
distributing documents to users. Client instant messengers can be easily 
installed and distributed via Group Policies with the support of 
pre-installed settings. 



Limitations
------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is 45-day trial version! For advanced details and purchasing 
information please refer B Labs website and product page at   
http://www.bopup.com/products/server/



========================================================================
Copyright (C) 2000-2013 B Labs. All rights reserved.  
http://www.bopup.com/		