- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-Golden.Boy.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired Soon

"Pilot"

GOLDEN BOY is a drama about the meteoric 
rise of an ambitious cop who one day will 
become the youngest police commissioner in 
the history of New York City, and the high 
personal and professional cost he pays to 
achieve it. After only three years as a 
beat cop, Clarks heroics on the job make 
him bold enough to ask for and receive the 
unheard-of promotion to homicide 
detective, angering some members of his 
new department who are eager to see him 
fail. Clark is partnered with and mentored 
by experienced veteran Detective Don Owen, 
just two years shy of retirement. 
Immediately, Clark comes into conflict 
with First Grade Detective Christian 
Arroyo, the alpha dog in the squad whos 
just as ambitious as Clark, but without a 
moral center. Arroyos partner is 
Detective Deborah McKenzie, a tough 
third-generation cop and the only female 
detective in the unit. Also on the team is 
Detective Joe Diaco, well-connected with 
tremendous resources which Clark might 
find useful. Though laser-focused on 
moving up the ladder, Clarks soft spot is 
serving as the sole caregiver and 
supporter of his sister, Agnes, a teenager 
demonstrating increasingly dangerous 
behavior, whom Clark must serve as much a 
parent as a brother. Keenly observant and 
politically savvy, the Golden Boy often 
bases his career decisions solely on his 
need to succeed as quickly as possible, 
and hell find that his epic journey will 
be filled with unexpected consequences. 

18/Slower
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)