Bopup Messenger version 6.2.0.10199
Secure instant messenger for effective business communications

This torrent includes English, German, Spanish, French, Dutch, Italian 
and Russian setup packages of the product.
========================================================================


Overview
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bopup Messenger is a secure instant messenger designed to communicate 
over LAN and enterprise-size networks. This clear, easy to use and 
light-weight IM client offers a set of corporate features and answers 
most of the business needs you may have. 

With this messenger, you can easily connect users from all other offices 
and locations to one IM workspace and exchange files, urgent and 
extended messages with links, font and color formatting and emoticons, 
and can receive assigned files and directories from the IM server. 
Organize your personal contact list that is accessible to you from any 
workplace and see who is online and available to communicate among your 
contacts. 

Messaging and File Transfer are encrypted with strong algorithms so that 
personal and group conversations are safe and secure even if you send 
messages and files via the Internet. You will never lose any information 
you exchange because offline data are stored and automatically delivered 
by the server when the recipient goes online. 

No user experience and skills are needed to use the program. The smart 
and comfortable user interface with advanced usability options and popup 
notifications allows you to join the IM network in a few mouse clicks. 
The messenger completely supports the Terminal Server/Citrix environment 
and can be used simultaneously by multiple users on one computer. Bopup 
Messenger can automatically download and install updates from the IM 
server. 

The centralized client/server architecture offers complete and flexible 
management for controlling your IM infrastructure. The central server 
logs all user activity and archives all messages and transfers with the 
reporting, search and printing options. It allows you to manage 
messaging groups, users' contact information and permissions to send and 
view other users, assign and distribute important files and documents to 
users. It is easy to import user accounts from your Active Directory 
(LDAP) and start an efficient Instant Messaging system right now. 


Limitations
------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is 45-day trial version! For advanced details and purchasing 
information please refer B Labs website and product page at   
http://www.bopup.com/products/messenger/


========================================================================
Copyright (C) 2000-2013 B Labs. All rights reserved. 
http://www.bopup.com/