* THE BiTTER END *
presents
Microsoft
SQL Server 2012 Business Intelligence SP 1

SUPPLiER....: TEAM TBE    DATE ...: 28.11.2012
CRACKER ....: TEAM TBE    TYPE ...: util
PROTECTiON .: -           OS .....: win
LANGUAGE   .: english     SiZE ...: 1 DVD

url:www.microsoft.com

* RELEASE NOTES *

SQL  Server 2012 Business Intelligence
Service  Pack  1  will provide Mission
Critical    confidence    with greater
uptime,  blazing-fast  performance and
enhanced security features for mission
critical       workloads; Breakthrough

Insight with managed self-service data
exploration  and  stunning interactive
data Visualizationss capabilities;
Cloud on your own Termsby enabling the
creation  and  extension  of solutions
across  on-premises  and public cloud.

Business    Intelligence   for Premium
Self-Service   and  Corporate Business
Intelligence

- Rapid data discovery with Power View
- Corporate and scalable reporting and
analytics
-  Data  Quality  Services  and Master
Data Services
-  Inclusive  of the Standard editions
capabilities

* iNSTALLATiON NOTES *

1) burn / mount

2) install

* TBE NEWS *

We got several positions to fill, if at
least one of the following characteristics
fits to you:

1. You work at any reseller, distributor
or software company and have access
to new unreleased software

2. You are a talented cracker and able to
handle one or more of the following
protections:
Dongle, FlexLM, Armadillo, SafeDisc,
Asprotect, SecuROM

3. You are able to code usefull tools in
C/C++ or ASM

4. You are a keygenner and able to handle
MD5, RSA, TEA, Blowfish, SHA1, RipeMD,
DES, Triple DES or Rijndael Twofish

5. You think you got something we might
need

You know where to contact us...

* WE SALUTE *

iMMERSiON - ZWTiSO

ISO - TMG - ACME - SSG

asc by cpN^cRo