########################### Battlefield 1942 HD ###########################

Overview:
=========

In Battlefield 1942, you will experience the heat of battle as you
heroically storm the beaches of Normandy, drive a tank across the deserts
of northern Africa, pilot a fighter plane during the Battle of Midway,
command a battleship at Guadalcanal, or parachute and commandeer a jeep in
operation Market Garden. It is the only first person, team-based action
game that places you in the midst of a raging WWII battlefield with 35
"machines of war" under your control. You'll pick up the sidearm of your
choice and get behind the wheel of a variety of vehicles, ships, and
aircraft to go to war on land, sea, and air during some of the most famous
and pivotal battles of the Second World War. Relive the greatest war in
history.	

System Requirements:
====================

Minimum: 500 MHz processor, 128 MB RAM, 32 MB video card, DirectX 8.1,
Windows XP/Me/2000/98, Keyboard and Mouse.

Recommended: 1 GHz processor, 512 MB RAM, 128 MB video card, DirectX 9.0c,
Windows 8/7/Vista/XP/Me/2000/98, Keyboard and Mouse.

Multilanguage Support:
======================

Chinese
English
French
German
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Russian
Spanish

Choose language at start of installation.

Installation:
=============

Run bf1942-hd-setup.exe.

Notes:
======

Although, Battlefield 1942 is free to download from Origin, you need to
sign up for an Origin account and launch Origin spyware client everytime
you play the game. BF1942 does not support widescreen resolutions, not to 
mention EA's Origin security vulnerability: 
http://techreport.com/news/24524/security-vulnerability-discovered-in-ea-origin-service

Battlefield 1942 is updated to version 1.61 and you can choose any screen
resolution your graphic card and monitor supports from in-game video menu.
You can play online on selected servers that don't check for valid keys.
If you have a valid CD-key, you can use it by running the executable in
eReg folder inside Battlefield 1942 directory. PunkBuster is automatically
installed to latest version.

Installer has been checked for virus: 
http://virusscan.jotti.org/en/scanresult/03554708a3078622c5d69bb50b5761babb5cd7ea 
https://www.virustotal.com/en/file/3f44226aa6c945eb9f84ed2e1a7675c3d39fd94b5c9dba1070e5691aa17e5f76/analysis/1371716706/

###########################################################################