                PublicHD - High-Definition Bittorrent Community
      
                            https://publichd.se/
    
              ----------------------------------------------------

Arrow.S01E20.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 24.04.2013

"Home Invasion"

Deadshot returns to Starling City
after taking down a U.S. Ambassador
and six others overseas. By keeping
tabs on A.R.G.U.S s manhunt for the
assassin, Oliver, Diggle, and
Felicity learn that a sting operation
is underway to capture Deadshot
alive. Diggle is determined to see
his brother s killer dead, with or
without Ollie s help. Meanwhile,
Laurel takes drastic steps to protect
a young witness, exacerbating
friction between Tommy and Oliver.
Later, Roy Harper unconventionally
pursues all leads to find his new
hero, but runs afoul of Detective
Lance. Back on the island, Oliver
recalls how Shado helped him
incrementally gain confidence with a
bow and hit the target for the first
time.

18/Slower
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :) 