

  Digital Desi Releasers     
                             
     Proudly Presents        
                             

 Yere Yere Paisa - 2012 - DTHRip - XviD - 1CD - [DDR]  


  "This was from a different channel and had  
  a lot of blocking and noise in it. I have   
  done my best to work around it."            
                                              
        Source........[ DTH-TV [DDR]   ]      
        Ripper........[ -=DDR=-        ]      
        Release Date..[ 31/03/13       ]      
        Runtime.......[ 01:48:00       ]      
        Resolution....[ 640 x 272      ]      
        Framerate.....[ 25.000 FPS     ]      
        Disks.........[ 1 CD           ]      
        Size..........[ 697 MB         ]      
                                              
        Video Codec...[ XviD           ]      
        Video Bitrate.[ 807 Kb/s       ]      
        Audio Info....[ 80 Kbps MP3 ABR]      
        Audio Language[ Marathi        ]      
        Subtitles.....[ NoNe.          ]      
                                              
        Container.....[ AVI            ]      
                                              
                                              
           !..The Exclusive Encode..!         
                                              
                  Enjoy   !!!                 


                                                
 Cast :  Makrand Anaspure      Vikas Samudre    
         Satish Tare           Ganesh Revdekar  
         Nisha Parulekar       Jaywant Bhalekar 
         Arun Kadam            Ajay Jadhav      
         Viju Khote            Manasi Magikar   
         Vilas Ujavane         Kishor Mahabole  
                                                
                                                
                                                
      Director    :     Shailesh Kale           
                                                
                                                
      Genre       :     Comedy                  
                                                
                                                
This is story of simple village where Dampya    
is living with his friends and family while     
everything is going fine one day Dampyach       
friendΓÇÖs Namya comes from the Mumbai city       
and starting spreading word about Mumbai, he    
tells villagers about the gam bling game        
called camplot and attracts villagers to make   
easy money and become rich in small about of    
time, everyone in the village goes crazy about  
the camplot and without doing work everyone     
just plays camplot to became rich. Dampya is    
against this Camplot lott ery but ultimately    
this is everything is done by his own friend    
Namya , who is making money by cheating         
villagers. Finally everyone loses money their   
lands and everything gets disturb in village ,  
the entire atmosphere which was very happy some 
time back becomes brutal, everyone is addicted  
to Camplot and try to do different things to    
win camp lot, after this Dampya Plan to end     
this entire mess.How Dampya deals with this     
situation is rest of the movie.                 

 
http://img580.imageshack.us/img580/6559/93393073.png 
http://img546.imageshack.us/img546/3950/99242694.png 
http://img59.imageshack.us/img59/5951/13843053.png 
http://img507.imageshack.us/img507/8391/68172199.png 
http://img94.imageshack.us/img94/4784/86874049.png 
http://img560.imageshack.us/img560/2576/91162262.png

Sample : http://upload-novalayer.com/fbis75k2e7an.html
