PublicHD - High-Definition Bittorrent Community
    
http://publichd.se/

----------------------------------------------------

Arrow.S01E19.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 03.04.2013

"Unfinished Business"

When a young woman meets a violent
death after partying at Verdant,
Detective Lance and his new partner,
Detective Hilton inform Oliver and
Tommy that she was on the drug
Vertigo. Oliver immediately pays a
visit to the mental institution where
The Count is locked up, but finds he
is in no condition to deal drugs.
However, when The Count escapes and
Starling City is flooded with even
more Vertigo-related violence, Oliver
and Diggle make it their mission to
track him down. After Detective Lance
uncovers incriminating evidence
against him, Tommy goes to great
lengths to clear his name, and the
fallout from his actions leads Tommy
down a new, unexpected path. In a
flashback to the island, Oliver
recalls the lessons he learned from
Slade and Shado.

18/Slower