tEAM LAXiTY

pROUDLY pRESENTS:


Bigasoft Video Downloader Pro v1.2.26.4849
(c) Bigasoft Corporation

URL ........: http://www.bigasoft.com

Supplier ...: TEAM LAXiTY     Soft Type ...:  APP    [X]
Packager ...: TEAM LAXiTY                     GAME   [ ]
Cracker ....: TEAM LAXiTY                     OTHER  [ ]
Rel. date ..: 08.05.13

Rape Solution: Keygen [ ]   Serial [ ]   RegKey [ ]
               Crack  [X]   Other  [ ]


R E L E A S E . N O T E S

Bigasoft Video Downloader Pro is a popular one-step YouTube
video converter helping to download and automatically
convert YouTube videos for later playing on personal
computer, portable device, mobile phone, mp4 player,
television and more with ease. The powerful YouTube
downloader tool can fast save YouTube videos in SD, HD
(high-definition 720p, 1080p, 2k or 4k video) and various
3D video with best video quality and convert to MP4, H.264,
AVI, MP3, WMV, WMA, FLV, MKV, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, 3GP, 3GPP,
VOB, DivX, MOV, RM, M4A, AAC, WAV for playback on a great
variety of digital devices including iPad, iPod, iPhone,
BlackBerry, Apple TV, Zune, PSP, PS3, Pocket PC, Creative
Zen, Xbox, Archos and more. The amazing YouTube video
converter is not only an easy-to-use YouTube video
converter tool but also a powerful YouTube audio converter
which can download and extract music from YouTube like
convert YouTube to MP3, AAC, AC3, WAV, WMA, and more.
Bigasoft Video Downloader Pro is more than a YouTube
one-step downloader-and-converter. It can download and
convert videos from almost all video sharing and video
publishing websites likeGoogle Videos, Metacafe,
eHow, Vimeo, MTV, BBC, Dailymotion, and more. The powerful
YouTube converter also has the ability to download and
convert full YouTube playlist as opposed to just one video,
to adjust audio volume, and to cut video clips.


i N S T A L L . N O T E S

copy over the cracked file and register using any
information


TEAM LAXiTY
ravishing since 1998