Source........[ BD50 [DDR]        ] 
Ripper........[ PuLi              ] 
Release Date..[ 03/02/2013        ] 
Runtime.......[ 01:44:00          ] 
Resolution....[ 1280 x 560        ] 
Framerate.....[ 24.000 FPS        ] 
Size..........[ 2.50 GB           ] 
                                    
                                  ] 
Video Codec...[ x264              ] 
Video Bitrate.[ 2812 Kb/s         ] 
Audio Info....[ 640  Kb/s DD 5.1  ] 
Audio Language[ Hindi             ] 
Subtitles.....[ English           ] 
                                  ] 
Container.....[ MKV               ] 
                                    
                                    
    ........................        
                                    
   !..The Exclusive Encode..!       
                                    
          Enjoy   !!!               

Cast :    Naseeruddin Shah       Anupam Kher  
          Jimmy Shergil          Deepal Shaw  
          Aamir hasir                         
                    & Others                  
                                              
                                              
      Director    :   Neeraj Pandey           
      Writer      :   Neeraj Pandey           
                                              
                                              
      Genre       :   Drama | Thriller        
                                              
On the verge of retiring as Commissioner      
of Police, Prakash Rathod, gets a             
telephone call from a male who informs        
him that he has placed several bombs          
all over Mumbai, and unless and until         
he arranges the release of four terrorists,   
with Al Qaeda and Lashkar links, namely       
Ibhrahim Khan, Ikhlaque Khan, Mohammad        
Zaheer, and Khursheed Lala. This male         
then warns Prakash that if his demands        
are not carried out, the bombs will           
explode, and one of them has been placed      
right opposite the Commissioner's Colaba      
office. It will be now up to Prakash and      
the state's Chief Minister to either          
adhere to this male's demands or face         
the death of tens of thousands innocent       
civilians.                                    
                                              
   IMDB Link :                                
                                              
      http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1280558/    

 
http://img405.imageshack.us/img405/6899/57273.png
 
http://img59.imageshack.us/img59/6044/84805.png
 
http://img6.imageshack.us/img6/8094/112490.png