t h e  c r a c k e r s  o f

[rAD!s]

p r e s e n t   t h e   3 0 k - c o l l e c t i o n

BenVista PhotoZoom Pro v5.06 *INCL.KEYMAKER*

Cracked by....:  KaiZer SoZe       Release-Name..:  CR-TQA01.ZIP
Supplied......:  CORE              Release-Date..:  2013/02/11
Packaged......:  Bergelmir         Release-Type..:  Util
Protection....:  Serial            OS............:  Windows
Crack/SN......:  Keymaker          Language......:  Multilingual
Rating........:  [You decide!]     Disks.........:  05

..: DESCRiPTiON :..

BenVista PhotoZoom Pro 5 is world's number one software solution
for enlarging and downsizing digital photos and graphics. The
revolutionary S-Spline Max algorithm takes the patented and many
times awarded S-Spline technology to the next level. PhotoZoom Pro
is able to render perfect photo enlargements of unequalled
quality. Using the powerful and easy-to-use software interface
you can create sharp, crisp clear image magnifications, without
introducing serrated edges, blurriness, or unnatural looking
artifacts. This software is perfectly suited for image
magnification in DTP, industrial image processing (such as in
space technology), medical applications, security, large format
printing, digital photography, and online publication, or for
enhancing images from the Internet. Optimized for both printing
and on-screen purposes, PhotoZoom Pro is an absolute must-have for
anyone who wants to resize images at the highest possible quality

PhotoZoom Pro not only creates larger images than any other
software (up to 1 million by 1 million pixels), it also produces
higher quality results. PhotoZoom Pro is equipped with S-Spline
Max, a unique, patented image resize technology which excels at
preserving clean edges, sharpness, and fine details. Even noisy
compressed originals can be enlarged successfully. Normally, noise
and JPEG compression artifacts become disturbingly visible during
enlargement. PhotoZoom Pro however offers the tools to eliminate
these distortions

BenVista?s unique S-Spline Max technique is specialized in
creating sharp, crisp clear, and true to nature image
enlargements. Both strong edges and subtle details are being
preserved efficiently. In addition, S-Spline Max is able to
reconstruct the shapes of portrayed subjects in a very refined
way, allowing them to keep looking natural in enlarged form

PhotoZoom Pro 5 makes short work of notorious problems like jagged
lines, halos, noise, and artifacts. With the new technology for
reducing JPEG compression artifacts, you can create acceptable
results even when you have compressed, low quality originals to
start with

..: iNSTALL/REGiSTER NOTES :..

Install. Use our keymaker to register the application.

Thanks for choosing
(C)hallenge (O)f (R)everse (E)ngineering!

..: CORE NEWS AND iNFOS :..

- not available -

lAYOUt & hEADER bY. [rAD!s]
nfO UPdATED ON [2012/01/03]
(c) C.O.R.E. 2 0 1 3

CRC 515C:85A5