- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-Touch.S02E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 08.02.2013

"Event Horizon"

Season Two of TOUCH picks up right 
where Season One left off  with 
Kiefer Sutherlands character, Jack, 
on the run with his son, JAKE (David 
Mazouz). Jack is determined to keep 
Jake safe from those who want to 
exploit his supernatural abilities, 
but Jake is on a mission of his own 
 to find the elusive Amelia (Saxon 
Sharbino). When Jake leads Jack to 
Los Angeles and to Amelias mother, 
LUCY ROBBINS (Maria Bello), these 
three form an ad hoc family, 
searching for the girl who may be 
the key to understanding Jakes 
abilities. Factoring into the 
unfolding equation is the genius of 
Aster Corps., CALVIN NORBURG (Lukas 
Haas), whos on the verge of making 
a career-defining discovery, as well 
as the extreme religious zealot 
GUILLERMO ORTIZ (Said Taghmaoui), 
who stops at nothing to attain his 
vision.

18/Slower+
Evolve... or die.

Intro and texted credits on both 
hours, so split accordingly.

Enjoy :)