Overcome neck & back pain is the book that started a revolution in
treating neck, middle and lower back problems, including sciatica. The
book describes a method that explicitly recognises the necessity of
the patient being actively involved in the treatment. The book has
been glowingly reviewed in all the peak medical journals as well as
massage, shiatsu, chiropractic, Pilates, and complementary medical
journals.

The book was featured in three separate stories on A Current Affair,
and this very favourable exposure led to the creation of the national
Overcome neck & back pain workshops. The Overcome neck & back pain
system is used successfully by many practitioners around the country,
including doctors, chiropractors and osteopaths, massage and other
body work therapists: you will see one of our Certificates of
Attendance on the wall of their clinics if they have done one of our
intensive workshops.

The book Overcome neck & back pain (and associated DVDs and CDs)
presents a comprehensive self-help exercise-based approach to treating
these problems.

Chapter 1, Self-diagnosis, tells you how to determine whether there is
a structural cause of your problem and corrections for its
treatment. It includes a comprehensive set of testing exercises to
help you determine whether muscular imbalance is one of the causes of
the problem. The explanation of the testing procedure is detailed but
assumes that the reader has no prior knowledge of the area: it is
written for you. Another way to find the exercises you need is to use
the Where am I sore? illustrations at the end of the chapter.

Chapter 2 discusses what stretching really is, and the processes involved.

Chapter 3 presents the solo lower back and hip exercises, 1ΓÇô10.

Chapter 4 presents partner-assisted lower back and hip exercises, 11ΓÇô16.

Chapter 5 presents the middle back exercises, 17ΓÇô24.

Chapter 6 describes the neck exercises, 25ΓÇô32.

Chapter 7 offers additional and stronger exercises, 33ΓÇô37

Chapter 8 focuses on the shoulder, arm and hand exercises, 38ΓÇô44.

Chapter 9 presents a range of strengthening exercises, 45ΓÇô50.

Chapter 10 discusses relaxation, and presents the relaxation script,
Kit's approach to acquiring this elusive physical and emotional
state. You can order a version of this script already recorded: one
side of the tape features the script plus Pacific Ocean background
sound; the other side features the ocean sounds alone.

Chapter 10 investigates the causes of neck and back problems and all
the latest relevant statistics and essential information from the
leading medical and other journals will be found there, too. Sciatica
is considered closely, and the best, completely-new exercises to treat
piriformis syndrome (a common cause) are presented. Similarly Thoracic
Outlet Compression Syndrome: if this is your problem (or RSI or
Occupational Overuse syndrome) you will find the most effective
scalene and other neck stretching exercises there, too.
